README.adoc, before:

image:https://github.com/bric3/fireplace/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg[Java CI with Gradle,link=https://github.com/bric3/fireplace/actions/workflows/build.yml]
// image:https://snyk.io/test/github/bric3/fireplace/badge.svg?targetFile=build.gradle["Known Vulnerabilities", link="https://snyk.io/test/github/bric3/fireplace?targetFile=build.gradle.kts"]
image:https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.github.bric3.fireplace/fireplace-swing.svg["Maven Central", link="https://search.maven.org/artifact/io.github.bric3.fireplace/fireplace-swing"]

== Flamegraph / Iciclegraph Java Swing component

++++
<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset=".github/images/fireplace-dark.png">
  <img alt="Shows a flamegraph in either light or dark mode" src=".github/images/fireplace-light.png">
</picture>
++++

== Usage

.Example usage
[source,java]
----
var fg = new FlamegraphView<Node>();

flamegraphView.setRenderConfiguration(
        FrameTextsProvider.of(
                frame -> frame.isRoot() ? "root" : frame.actualNode.getFrame().getHumanReadableShortString(),
                frame -> frame.isRoot() ? "" : FormatToolkit.getHumanReadable(frame.actualNode.getFrame().getMethod(), false, false, false, false, true, false),
                frame -> frame.isRoot() ? "" : frame.actualNode.getFrame().getMethod().getMethodName()
        ),
        new DimmingFrameColorProvider<>(defaultFrameColorMode.colorMapperUsing(ColorMapper.ofObjectHashUsing(defaultColorPalette.colors()))),
        FrameFontProvider.defaultFontProvider()
);

jpanel.add(flamegraphView.component);


// later, fill in the data
var listOfFrames = FrameBox.flattenAndCalculateCoordinate(new ArrayList<Node>(), ...);
flamegraphView.setModel(
        new FrameModel<>(
                "title, events (CPU, Locks)", // used in the root "frame"
                 (a, b) -> Objects.equals(a, b), // used to identify equal frames
                 listOfFrames
        )
);

----

== Misc

Snapshot versions will be delivered at

> https://s01.oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/io/github/bric3/fireplace[https://s01.oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/*snapshots*/io/github/bric3/fireplace]

Commit message:

chore: Add fireplace swing component usage.

README.adoc, after:

image:https://github.com/bric3/fireplace/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg[Java CI with Gradle,link=https://github.com/bric3/fireplace/actions/workflows/build.yml]
// image:https://snyk.io/test/github/bric3/fireplace/badge.svg?targetFile=build.gradle["Known Vulnerabilities", link="https://snyk.io/test/github/bric3/fireplace?targetFile=build.gradle.kts"]
image:https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.github.bric3.fireplace/fireplace-swing.svg["Maven Central", link="https://search.maven.org/artifact/io.github.bric3.fireplace/fireplace-swing"]

== Flamegraph / Iciclegraph Java Swing component

++++
<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset=".github/images/fireplace-dark.png">
  <img alt="Shows a flamegraph in either light or dark mode" src=".github/images/fireplace-light.png">
</picture>
++++

This flamegraph component is known to be used in [JDK Mission Control 9.0](https://github.com/openjdk/jmc) and in the [Datadog plugin for ItelliJ](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-for-intellij-platform).


== Usage

.Example usage
[source,java]
----
var fg = new FlamegraphView<Node>();

flamegraphView.setRenderConfiguration(
        FrameTextsProvider.of(
                frame -> frame.isRoot() ? "root" : frame.actualNode.getFrame().getHumanReadableShortString(),
                frame -> frame.isRoot() ? "" : FormatToolkit.getHumanReadable(frame.actualNode.getFrame().getMethod(), false, false, false, false, true, false),
                frame -> frame.isRoot() ? "" : frame.actualNode.getFrame().getMethod().getMethodName()
        ),
        new DimmingFrameColorProvider<>(defaultFrameColorMode.colorMapperUsing(ColorMapper.ofObjectHashUsing(defaultColorPalette.colors()))),
        FrameFontProvider.defaultFontProvider()
);

jpanel.add(flamegraphView.component);


// later, fill in the data
var listOfFrames = FrameBox.flattenAndCalculateCoordinate(new ArrayList<Node>(), ...);
flamegraphView.setModel(
        new FrameModel<>(
                "title, events (CPU, Locks)", // used in the root "frame"
                 (a, b) -> Objects.equals(a, b), // used to identify equal frames
                 listOfFrames
        )
);

----

== Misc

Snapshot versions will be delivered at

> https://s01.oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/io/github/bric3/fireplace[https://s01.oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/*snapshots*/io/github/bric3/fireplace]
